hour college itachi car presses
Small Tilke mriya against you so well
try bins a lot and test machines
long-Man'ula DPR us has changed and sho
Bulk to 4 chicken eggs I can self
but carry out a full test drive kia and
about son folk knees automotive
Expert you tried
immediately 3 models of the brand skoda spaceback
rapid and octavia yako 2014 letting go bulat
Ukrainian car hand listen to
yakim boo balance
sympathies nu rapid such yourself seem
utilitarian car i think what my
money is quite a normal car
all essentially engine 1 and 2
he seems to be a worthy replacement of 1 out of 6 then
there is an enterprise with all that he goes
better than 16 atmospheres here
Royenko enough I am a suspension
for if this is again utilitarian
car of great harm three bags
potatoes for 4 near
about space bq
Well, for me personally, better than bad
your body is not practical so long
towers do not need it 1 but there is and need
it's better after all more
vertical ass door could be
headquarters reed to translate when folded
the seat we are picking differ mascara
with pvp it looks already taken into account be nuances
which rapido had questions there
no usb flash drives returned octavia
another car everything is clear I would
chose
I will say that this morning managed and
test drive really started me with
spokes bk car which basically wanted
check not call did not disappoint she
car for probably young
people for a young family and
and gives emotions while it saves
all the qualities needed for the city
mobile practicality compact
next car reliability was
rapid also wanted to check it very
pleased motor 1 and 2 surprised
by silence and jealousy at the same time
Rapidou can say this
really car woven can
become the people's future folk
car hope he fell out of
motorists because everything is in it
psb was interesting on the car
try it because new
it was interesting to try the engine 1
from 6
diesel
enter a comment
engine is a great car good
family
really enjoyed it you know me when i
said that 2-4 I eat nabucco a little
blunt not so that's not such an explosion
a flock like other machines gave an answer when
I sat down I was surprised 1 and 4 nimble
motor did not really like me
of course long
in a little silk so here so machine
goes fast well
today you know the price
quality principle
allows that I would buy myself from
another thing I can say more
all there are cars in which I
Now drove the most liked
rapid why but probably huge
what matters is the engine there
I didn’t expect to answer both 1 and 2
maybe such a return was pleasantly surprised
Well, let's say the car with its simplicity
that's how they position that is rapid
as I see for myself she is very comfortable
and
and somewhere she compared with the first octave
which was produced for a long time the most
first but there is summer
after merging with but the servant of God village
certainly liked octavia of course
I have another car tires more expensive
it is better
surely it is so even
probably go to the salon to return to school
here so want to change the car
different tried school basically
looking too
from
not that when looking sideways
because such a compromise
it seems to be German but so cheaper therefore
all all absolutely cars left
positive impressions
each had its own zest first
tested
skoda rapid was
what can I say design discreet but in
same time engines 1 and 2
Kisil is a nod at his his
dynamic and economical
impressive very prints the trunk for
This car let's say in 550 liters with
its availability above all praise
spaceback was already diesel here
version here we can say that diesel
turbocharged diesel engine will respond
just a hurricane dynamics for Kiev we
started
they were left far behind by all
plow and all the next transport in
Basically the trunk volume of the tank is sufficient
and accessibility to all nodes
management is absolutely good
the product of the last car was
skoda octavia really liked
engine 1 of 4
car though real car harder but
starts even without failure down and
top drying de rapid there are some on
start failure then the dynamics
uniform and growing constantly
well positive